Good morning, Jacob. It's Thursday, April second, six A-M in
Jefferson City. This is the day. Your Anthropic pilot meeting
is in three hours. The government's appeal deadline on Anthropic
versus the Pentagon is today. Humans are orbiting the moon
right now. And Trump told the nation last night he's
going to bomb Iran, quote, "back to the Stone Ages."
Let's get into it. Weather first. Jefferson City: seventy-eight degrees
today with thunderstorms, eighty-two percent chance of rain, wind gusts
up to forty-one miles per hour. Ugly morning for a
big day. Drive carefully. Tacoma: fifty-two degrees, chance of rain,
mostly cloudy. Katelyn's off day is gray but manageable. Friday
looks better for both of you. Your calendar. Nine A-M:
Anthropic pilot discussion. This is the meeting you've been prepping
for since March first. Two P-M: Bill Review Training. Six-fifteen
P-M: Dinner with Alex, Chris, and Dustin. Dustin texted the
group last night asking for a time and place. You
still need to respond. And Katelyn is off today —
she texted yesterday that she misses you and wishes she
could crash on your couch and watch Jeopardy with you
tonight. Text messages. Katelyn sent you a sweet message yesterday
afternoon — "I miss you too. I wish we could
crash and watch Jeopardy together tonight." You'd texted first saying
you wished she were there. The long-distance ache is real
but the affection is too. Call her after dinner tonight.
Dustin got his truck back! Finally — it's been almost
a month since the accident. He confirmed yesterday and you
congratulated him. He also set dinner logistics at six-fifteen tonight,
mentioning you, Alex, and Chris. Venue is still T-B-D. Please
respond in the group chat. Alex sent a YouTube link
and continued the robot vacuum conversation. Ben has no new
messages — he's back in K-C. Now, the news. The
Anthropic pilot meeting at nine A-M is happening against an
extraordinary backdrop. Today is the deadline for the government to
appeal Judge Lin's preliminary injunction — the ruling that called
banning Anthropic, quote, "classic illegal First Amendment retaliation." Overnight, Axios
broke that Democratic congressman Josh Gottheimer wrote to Dario Amodei
demanding answers about the Claude Code source leak. The key
line: quote, "Claude is a critical part of our national
security operations." That's a Democrat defending Claude's importance while pressing
on security — and it's exactly the argument you're about
to make in a conference room in Jefferson City. Also:
Jamie Dimon told Axios he was personally briefed on Anthropic's
unreleased Mythos model, calling A-I agents a major cyber risk.
The most powerful banker in America is in the Anthropic
briefing room. That signals how seriously Wall Street is taking
this. Iran, day thirty-four. Trump's prime-time address last night: the
U-S will hit Iran, quote, "extremely hard" over the next
two to three weeks, bringing them, quote, "back to the
Stone Ages." He gave Iran until April sixth to reopen
the Strait of Hormuz. Oil immediately spiked six percent. Asian
stocks fell. U-S futures plummeted. The U-K is hosting thirty-plus
foreign ministers today to discuss a diplomatic solution. China and
Pakistan proposed a five-point peace plan. And Europe's far-right parties
are breaking with Trump — Marine Le Pen called the
strikes catastrophic, Germany's A-F-D demanded U-S troops leave. The international
coalition is fracturing. Quick status board. D-H-S shutdown is at
day forty-eight — Republican leaders announced a two-track plan to
end it, but Congress is on recess until April thirteenth.
Space-X filed confidentially for its I-P-O yesterday — one-point-seven-five trillion
dollar valuation, June listing, largest I-P-O in history. Artemis two
is in lunar transit — launched successfully yesterday, Orion performing
beautifully, lunar orbit in four days. Tech and A-I. That
Gottheimer letter is the big story. Also: forty-seven percent of
college students are reconsidering their majors because of A-I, according
to new Gallup polling. Sixteen percent have already changed. The
future workforce is reshaping itself around A-I anxiety before A-I
has even fully arrived. The Every newsletter covered Linear reinventing
itself as an agent-native business — relevant to your pilot
meeting thinking about what tools look like when designed for
A-I from the ground up. Spending. Your Roborock Saros ten-R
robot vacuum shipped from Amazon this morning. The robot vacuum
deep-dive with Alex has reached its commercial conclusion. Also shipped:
corner shower caddy plus two more items. Rocket Mortgage payment
cleared. And Pebble wants you to pick your Index zero-one
ring size — don't let that expire. Blind spots. The
Iran war is causing a helium shortage. Helium from Gulf
gas fields powers M-R-I scanners and A-I chipmaking, and has
no good substitutes. India started counting one-point-four-seven billion people today
in a census delayed five years. Hungary votes next week
with Orban's sixteen-year rule in jeopardy. Action items. Nine A-M:
walk into the Anthropic meeting confident. You know the material.
Respond to Dustin's group text about dinner. Call Katelyn tonight.
Check the City of Seattle job posting directly — it
disappeared from Indeed yesterday. Pick your Pebble ring size. Here's
the thing about today. Your pilot meeting is at nine.
The government's appeal deadline is the same day. A congressman
just called Claude critical to national security. Jamie Dimon was
briefed on Mythos. Four astronauts are heading to the moon.
And Katelyn is sitting in Tacoma wishing she could watch
Jeopardy with you on the couch you just got new
carpet for. Somewhere between all of that, you're going to
walk into a room and make the case for a
technology you believe in. You've prepped for this. Go make
it count. And for god's sake, respond to Dustin about
the restaurant. Have a great Thursday, Jacob.